friends of televisadeportes.com we reviewed
what happened at the closing of the
Week 8 of the Mexican soccer
pumas received the america in the
university city a last game
for water and a game with rain
goals and all practically on the side of
the america is the first after a
service that can not be finished inside
from the area comes miguel layún with the
right leg and after a detour
leaves the opportunity to the archer of the
cougars alexandro palaces to make
barely at minute 27 the 1 by 0 auction of
head of Juan Carlos Valenzuela after the
service from the corner kick of
osvaldito martínez and at 31 the america already
he won 2 for 0 to the team of cougars
four minutes later luis gabriel king
I was going to put this service for the cuit
mendoza and was already in America 3 goals
by 0 above the america cougars that is
more leader than ever will reach 16
points with this victory is leader
general next to morelia and lion and still
missing the team
Herrera two pending matches this is
a great shot of osvaldito martínez a
point was to make the room in that
moment but the shot of the player of the
america was crashing on the post of the
college set the cougars
they had this one that happened very close to
sorry to romagnoli after the service
from ariel nahuelpán but could not
approaching the university set
came this header from luis gabriel king
to debut as a scorer of the
eagles of america the colombian makes
his first score in the team
coapa and was 4 for 0 got any
amount of opportunities in america
to do the fifth the sixth and until the
seventh if they had wanted finally
the cougars responded after this evil
rejection of the central defender more to
Rodriguez that takes advantage of number 10 of
the set of the brave martyrs
to bring the varsity team closer
for 1 the American wins on day 8
an imminent departure of the technician from
The Cougars Juan Antonio Torres Serín
won the america
of televisadeportes.com thanks to the
next